hi are you ready so I just wanted to
come into a quick little intro for this
video I will be showing you guys how I
install its hair and it's giving you a
couple of tips on things that I did when
installing this is the first time I've
ever installed hair using a wig cap
normally I just gel my hair down and
glue it straight to my hair but try to
get them at this time and the video is
going to basically start from there
already being set with the wig cap on so
we're just going to go straight into
splitting the tracks and installing so
it'll be rather quick sorry for the long
wait I've just been so indecisive about
how to edit the video but anyway I hope
you guys enjoy and I'll see you guys in
another video
so now one of the most important parts
for me when only using two packs of hair
and not four bundles and all of that
jazz I like to split the tracks so I'm
going to remove the hair from the
packaging I'm going to show you how I
split the tracks I always think it's a
good idea to go ahead and split them
before you get started installing it so
it's not a whole lot of stop and go you
can just you know get in a rhythm and
just get it so as you can see it's like
a double whip right and then as you can
see towards the end you can kind of see
actually look at this it's already on
the verge of coming apart which is what
is very important about splitting your
tracks is we don't want to damage the
track what we want to do is actually cut
the thread I don't know if you can see
this but anyone was more attractive in
here they know what it is but there is
thread in there and the thread is what
has the two West together so what we
want to be concentrating on is cutting
that thread and not our trudeau okay I'm
going to use a razor blade and I'm just
gonna place it right in between those
two tracks okay and I'm just basically
going to start running the razor blade
right down in between there so that I'm
attacking that thread okay
okay so I have the whole split bundle of
the four and now I'm going to start with
the boys okay
I know you can see through this which is
absolutely fine so I want to make sure
we have enough hair for the invisible
part so we'll be able to go in and fill
in those spaces once we complete the
invisible part
now why don't I like this the closure is
you can actually work with you need a
flatiron
okay so BKB
so what I'll do is take our farm check
the closer to right in the middle is
please then we just want to play
you